Reviewer #1: Mesh patterns are a common generalization of several types of permutation patterns, such as
classical Wilf patterns, consecutive patterns, or bivincular patterns. As such, mesh patterns find
frequent applications in describing the combinatorial properties of permutations.

There is a natural way to define a `subpattern' partial order relation on the set of all mesh
patterns. The aim of this paper is to study the topological properties of this poset. The authors
motivate this study by pointing out that the poset of mesh patterns contains, as a subposet, the
poset of permutations ordered by classical containment. The permutation poset is a key object of
study in combinatorics, and its topology has received a considerable amount of attention lately,
although many natural problems remain open. The authors therefore suggest that the study of the
poset of mesh patterns might shed more light on the poset of permutations.

However, the results in this papers by themselves do not yield any new insight into the properties
of the classical permutation poset. In fact, some of the results in this paper proceed in the
opposite direction, by pointing out that some earlier results on the permutation poset can be
generalized to the poset of mesh patterns. <---------------------------------------------------------------- TODO

Here is a brief summary of the main results of the paper. The first substantial result, Corollary
3.9, shows that asymptotically almost every mesh pattern $p$ satisfies $\mu(1,p)=0$, where $\mu$ is
the Möbius function of the mesh pattern poset, and $1$ refers to the permutation of size 1. This
result has no known analogue in the poset of permutations, where there are no known bounds on the
asymptotic proportion of zeros of the Möbius function. Unfortunately, the method used to prove
Corollary 3.9 specifically excludes the cases when $p$ is a classical pattern, so the result has no
direct consequence for the permutation poset.

Another topic, addressed in Section 4, is the combinatorial characterisation of non-pure intervals
in the poset of mesh patterns. This is an issue which does not arise in the poset of permutations,
where all intervals are pure (i.e., all maximal chains in the interval have the same length). For
the poset of mesh patterns, the paper gives a characterisation of the impure intervals of the form
$[1,p]$ for a general mesh pattern~$p$.

In Section 5, the authors construct examples of strongly disconnected open intervals in the mesh
pattern poset. The construction is an extension of an analogous previous construction of McNamara
and Steingrímsson in the permutation poset.

The paper is a collection of several loosely related results, none of which is very difficult by
itself. As I see it, the main contribution of the paper is in providing an inspiration and a
foundation for further research in this area. In my opinion, the study of the topological properties
of the mesh pattern poset, pioneered in this paper, is a meaningful task, and for this reason I
recommend to accept this paper for publication. <---------------------------------------------------------------- TODO

Although the paper is mostly well written and easy to follow, I have several small
corrections and suggestions for improvement of the presentation:

Section 1, line 3: mesh pattern consist -> mesh pattern consists

Page 5: the notion of poset dimension defined here is non-standard and therefore confusing. In
poset theory, dimension typically refers the order dimension (a.k.a. Dushnik-Miller dimension), see
e.g. Section 1.4 in [Wac07]. I recommend to use term `height', which seems to be the established
notion for the cardinality of the largest chain, or `rank', used in a similar way by [MS15]. Also,
if you mention the `length' of a chain, please specify whether the term `length' refers to the
cardinality (i.e., number of elements), or to the number of edges (i.e., cardinality$-1$).

Page 5: in the definition of shellable complex, $(\dim F_k)$-dimensional should be $(\dim
F_k-1)$-dimensional.

Page 6: please provide a reference for Lemma 2.3 (and Corollary 2.4). The result seems to already
appear in [MS15].

Last line of the proof of Lemma 2.3: $\dim(F_k-1)$ should be $(\dim F_k -1)$.

Paragraph below Corollary 2.4: contractable -> contractible.

In Corollary 3.4 and the previous two lines, please specify what you mean by the Möbius function
being unbounded. Are you considering the general values $\mu(p,q)$, or just the values of the form
$\mu(1,q)$? If the former, then there are earlier references than [Smi14] showing that $\mu$ is
unbounded in the permutation poset; it follows at least from the results of Sagan and Vatter (The
Möbius function of a composition poset, Journal of Algebraic Combinatorics, 24(2), 117-136,
(2006)), or more explicitly from [BJJS11]. If, on the other hand, you refer here to
the unboundedness of $\mu(1,q)$, you should state it explicitly.

I am struggling a bit with the proof of Lemma 4.3: in the second paragraph, you write ``the set of
occurrences of $a$ in $b$ correspond to the set of occurrences of $x$ in $y$, after adding the new
points''. Is this meant to be a 1-to-1 correspondence? Is it clear that the points added to $y$ to
create $b$ cannot help to form a new occurrence of $a$ in $b$, that would violate the conditions of
Lemma 4.2? I would appreciate more details in this proof.

Page 13, last paragraph of Section 4: `Although' should perhaps be `Moreover'.

Page 14, line -2: can be consider -> can be considered

Page 15, line 6 of the proof of Lemma 5.4: $(m_{cl},m\oplus m_{cl})$ should probably be $(m,m\oplus
m)$.
